README.md, before:

# About
A QlockTwo combined with displaying of weather data from node.js webservices based on react.js

# TODO
- Add real dates and some documents to mongo
- database config to config ;)
- watcher for node.js restart? => https://github.com/remy/nodemon
- MVC for express
- let or var for node
- import vs require for node
- react graphing => https://github.com/jhudson8/react-chartjs
- subcomponent incl graph and webservice call
- webservices with super agent => incl. error if external webservice is not reachable (timeout)
- webservice endpoints providing plain json
- Unit Tests for react components
- Documentation
- more views => stuff for stats => averages, monthly reporting, ....
- check for new font
- flexbox to remove fixed height for the border
- Wind speed miles per hour to kmh
- Moonphase from current
- Save also external temperature and humidity
- last updated information in console or in gui


# Documentation
Morning: 00:00 - 07:00
Midday: 08:00 - 03:00
Morning: 04:00 - 11:00

run in dev mode: npm run dev
linting: npm run lint

use io.js!

# Resources
https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2#forecast_call

# What to ask
- Node in Production

Commit message:

structure change and moved logging to winston

README.md, after:

# About
A QlockTwo combined with displaying of weather data from node.js webservices based on react.js

# TODO
- Add real dates and some documents to mongo
- database config to config ;)
- watcher for node.js restart? => https://github.com/remy/nodemon
- MVC for express
- Own NPM module for models
- Logging for the Frontend
- let or var for node
- import vs require for node
- react graphing => https://github.com/jhudson8/react-chartjs
- subcomponent incl graph and webservice call
- webservices with super agent => incl. error if external webservice is not reachable (timeout)
- webservice endpoints providing plain json
- Unit Tests for react components
- Documentation
- more views => stuff for stats => averages, monthly reporting, ....
- check for new font
- flexbox to remove fixed height for the border
- Wind speed miles per hour to kmh
- Moonphase from current
- Save also external temperature and humidity
- last updated information in console or in gui


# Documentation
Morning: 00:00 - 07:00
Midday: 08:00 - 03:00
Morning: 04:00 - 11:00

run in dev mode: npm run dev
linting: npm run lint

use io.js!

# Resources
https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2#forecast_call

# What to ask
- Node in Production
